thing of difference I'm learning between
when I do comedy and acting is that like
the last thing people really want to see
from Allah stage is you really get
emotional yeah you know but when you act
you have to go to that right away
big difference we're live is it working
Oh My Jesus a candid moment no I think
you're totally right we're Ron Funches
and I were talking about people getting
mad first of all welcome to the show
stank they're having being here man
appreciate we're talking about people
getting him getting emotional onstage if
people get angry onstage that it shows
the audience can feel it you could say
the exact same words and with with like
a fake anger as we were saying like
Brody was really good at like he'd he
would fake be mad at you
yeah it was Lilith black yes if you can
see those exact same words there's like
a smile to it right you were saying that
there's a nod or a hint hint of a nod
yeah there's a little wink that lets you
know that this isn't this is a joke I'm
not really this mad but and there's it
usually an absurdity
about the thing they're mad at yes you
know yeah you get we also see those sets
sometimes when like someone's recently
broken up with somebody and you like you
get that real anger and you could say
something funny
but like it's too fresh it's too real
and people just don't want to hear it
what here and it makes them feel
uncomfortable we were talking about how
weird it is that you could actually have
something that sounded so similar to
that but we could tell the difference
like with the exact same words you know
with enthusiasm just something's off
about it something's off about that you
know it's funny
versus something's off about it what you
know that person's serious and a person
like I was we were just saying try to
explain that to someone who doesn't
understand English or doesn't understand
human communication they'll be like what
yeah how can you tell like how do you
know it's fake Hucky Joseph a Kanger
yeah that's what makes I mean the
language so fun yeah it's not just about
the words it's about the intent behind
the word yes in body language and
posture and then what makes comedy so
deep you know
oh for sure yeah I mean they're what
we're trying to do is convey intent and
we're trying to figure out a way to
sneak ideas into your head where maybe
you didn't see the punch line comment
yeah it's a it's a very strange art form
like what one of the strangest ever
because it's a I've always said it's
almost like a form of mass hypnosis do
you feel that sometimes like in your
middle a set and you're in the groove
yeah
a lot of ways one of them isn't good I
mean you're a weird guy but when I first
started my acting class I was talking
about that with my acting coach and I'd
be like there's a point like if my sets
really going well where I'm in the
present moment of enjoying the set and
saying these words but at the same time
I'm in the future thinking about what's
coming next
I'm surveying everything that's going
around me and I'm also still kind of
like judging myself off of what just
happened and so this thing happens where
you're kind of like time traveling in a
way where you don't exist in any one
space of time you you just kind of like
remove yourself from that and when your
sets going really well that's the thing
that my girlfriend and I have talked
about it's that you can hear these sets
and hear these jokes you can see someone
says multiple time but they're really
good often times you don't remember the
joke like how many times people go back
and quote a joke to you and they've got
it half wrong right because they've
heard you a thousand times but they
don't know they got the joke half wrong
because you've hypnotized them they
don't even remember you know yeah or
some people remember shit you don't
remember anymore yeah that's a weird one
yeah I've had people come up to me and
tell me a bit I go what what bit is that
and they'll tell me the bit I'm like
when is that from like 2014 I'm like I
don't even remember that yeah just
something you were trying out every now
knows yeah that's what's fun now for me
as I'm getting a little bit deeper been
coming up on 13 years is no now I'm
getting the point where like oh this bit
that I tried two or three years ago now
yes yes that's really funny yeah I
remember that that time you you're
essentially a PhD in comedy when you've
got 10 years in like if you have do real
10 hard years of comedy and then after
that it seems like some some guys mean
it all depends on the artist right but
if some guys have their best work like
15 16 years in they're just starting to
catch their groove and figure out what
it is you know cuz it's a it's only
understood by the people who practice it
it's it's understood in a way by a lot
of people who are comedy fans but that's
similar to like me being a fan of music
I don't know shit about music but I know
what I like I know it's when it sounds
good yeah I literally don't understand
any of it so I think there's those kinds
of people - yeah I mean comedy is such a
yeah I mean that's why it's great when
your peers what's one thing I loved
about doing my special other than like
people singing and being able to like I
wanted to just make something and put
something out I had always done like
small little things or guested on
people's things and I was like oh I've
been doing comedy over 10 years and I'm
show a lot of potential I want to
present a male and when I put it out and
like people's reaction was great but in
the but my peers is what really made me
happy that when I would get text from
from like Mulaney or for some people
being like you or or just be like this
was your hour this is you presenting who
you are completely right and that when
people can see the stuff behind it when
it's not just like joke punchline joke
punchline when people can see like oh
you set this up you did this right your
structure is right and then you just
were yourself that's what really makes
me happy in comedy yeah yeah you're a
funny dude man I enjoy watching you I've
watched you quite a few times The Comedy
Store now in the main room be very very
funny man it's cool to see a guy like
you put something down that's
representative of your real you real
stand-up what you're capable of doing
it's it's a nice group to be a part of
man and you sound like you think about
it a lot
I really appreciate that when people
think about like what it is we're doing
how do you do it yeah how do you do it
like do you write do you write on paper
do you write with a typewriter do you
just write we just have ideas and you
just keep working on them it's all a mix
you know I like to say like I'm more of
a Fisher than a hunter like I'm not
constantly like oh I need to write this
down every day I have the structure but
I'm constantly like I try to make my
house that we're we're constantly always
joking around with each other
there's notebooks everywhere there's
like little bowls of like with post-it
notes for me whenever I an idea come
they'd make sure I catch it and then I
have to make sure that I work on it you
know that becomes the difference it's
just constantly keeping myself in motion
so that I don't get stagnant I don't
just do the same 1015 over and over
again that because you know that's where
I think especially when I first moved
out here it was always about like oh I
got to show these people that I'm good
so I got to do my best work my best work
and I did that for about three months
and I was like oh I don't have anything
in the kitchen I don't have any backup
you know I haven't been building
anything up and so I learned very
quickly I think the Comedy Store has
been the best for me that just being
like having like follow people who were
completely not like me stylistically
having to follow people who I grew up
watching you know I did a night the
other day where I had to follow it was
Sebastian and then Ron white and then me
and then I was like there's no I mean
I'm like I'm confident and myself when
people know me but when it comes to that
it's like I'm the bottom of the totem
pole on those three and I had to go out
there and just show them that like I'm
capable I'm not gonna mess up the
momentum here I'm just as funny as these
people you just don't know me you
haven't met me yet that's the thing I've
been listen to a lot like there's
rappers all the time but like this
rapper 2 Chainz where he said like I
just had to wait for for the fans and
for the game to learn what I already
knew and that's where I'm starting to
feel now a new confidence is like I know
I'm good and I just have to wait for
people to catch up on my wave and
I don't if they don't they don't if they
do find you this very jazz of you two
chains was the guy who debated Nancy
Grace about weed remember that yeah wait
is gonna kill ya he outlasted her yeah
that didn't work I mean it's hilarious
now and see how many states have
legalized it and in full disclosure Ron
and I smoked marijuana with young Jamie
before this podcast as I do so many
others it's finally the stigma slowly
being removed slowly
dude I was a drug addict in the 90s when
I started my first first welcome weed I
guess it was not even the 90s it was
like I was a night maybe 98 or 99
somewhere around that it's when I
started smoking weed and you were a drug
addict you were drug addict do a
marijuana user what's wrong with you man
get your shit together I'm like man you
guys don't get it there's 2 Chainz there
he is a Nancy Grace they put this stuff
on the screen when it was going on how
many marijuanas does it take to overdose
fuck it amazing quote did she really say
that no no no it's a twitter user they
put it or tweeting whatever hashtag pot
to blame oh my god look at the Twitter
oh that Twitter user Oh Skyler Tyler
2015 it says Oh Tyler 2015 do that but
is 2015 the day of the tweet must be not
as practiced in as an account but I
don't know what happened it's a weird
Dhokla there's a space in there said I
don't know well yeah I think 2015 well
weather I don't know I don't know
whoever's whoever that is
congratulations made me laugh my ass off
yeah that's funny
oh yeah that's why I was a ridiculous
lady you know she's she obviously wasn't
that healthy you know she wasn't like a
very fit health conscious person just
worrying about weed she's just a crazy
person she was like Paula Deen but she
couldn't cook food
it's marijuana it's gonna kill you Ron
Funches people still like that there's a
lot of people like that in the middle of
the country in another country sometimes
it's still like you know there's a lot
of stigma dependent racially you know
depends they get the soccer weed moms
and everybody's like oh that's cool and
then you still get that like I did a
podcast the other day and the first
comments were like either yours too
stoned you're not doing it's like no I
just did a bad job you know right I
could have just done a bad job it didn't
have anything to do with me being stoned
yeah like they know that if you were
sober the podcast would have been way
better yeah you were sober man you would
have been so weird that's true it's all
true I just have to go to this place
Englewood Wellness Center it was kind of
in a hood area um a little bit sketchy
and then while we're going there like
within a year or two later the guy who
ran it got shot and robbed there it's
like that's how dangerous weed was cuz
ya do it all in cash they wouldn't let
banks use checks they wouldn't I
wouldn't accept checks and credit cards
so everything was weird even though it
was medical and it was legal you had to
get it through nefarious ways and then
slowly but surely the stigma started to
erase yeah now you can just go to a
store on Melrose yes
like adults like what how do you feel
you're wise man how do you feel I should
have qualified that I'm setting you up
what do you think about making all drugs
legal do you think that that would ever
happen and given what we know about
prohibition sounds like an interview mmm
given what we know about prohibition
like how bad it was for alcohol and how
it popped up the organized crime and I
mean caused a lot of problems do you
think it would be a wise thing to make
all drugs legal that's a tough question
for me that's um I think you have to
start I guess that's really trying to
give people a lot of credit about their
intelligence and their decision-making
right and that's when you're trying to
lead towards that the that the
individual is very intelligent and they
they're going to make their decision no
matter what and that if I put any stigma
to it just like you know
you know prostitution things like that
you're just adding extra jail time extra
obstacles extra life-threatening
situations and you're also penalizing
people for their own life choices
instead of propping up organized crime
mm-hmm or as well as weather propping up
organized crime but if you've seen the
effects of drug addiction which I've had
on occasion you use a hard to go like
yeah this should be okay you know
I 100% agree so it's it's not that clean
no I don't think that's wise yeah that
would be my answers I don't think is
that clean I think that it is a
case-by-case basis will do I think
marijuana should be legal I have
absolutely do I think that you should
necessarily legal eyes heroin no I don't
think so I don't think so either
um but I think that I think there's a
real problem with infantilizing adults
the the real problem is like if you are
25 years old or older and you decide you
want to try cocaine who's who's like why
can they say you can't do that
why says who says ooh why is that why if
you catch me with that can you put me in
a jail it grows from the ground it's a
plant they take that plant they process
it they turn into cocaine they still use
it legally for lidocaine and
medical-grade cocaine they still use it
for the flavor of coca-cola they still
use the leaves they still use the plant
like who says I don't even do coke but
who the fuck do you think is making
money selling coke because there's a lot
of coke it's one thing that's completely
there's no other industry in Miami and
there's so much money there did you see
cocaine Cowboys mm no oh dude Billy
Corbin the guy who directed it was on
the podcast yesterday he's uh he's
fantastic and he's got this new
documentary called screwball it's about
Alex Hernandez and steroids and baseball
and all this crazy sugar yes oh right
Rodriguez who's Alex Hernandez this is a
different one a rod how does a guy know
that's Aaron there's
we even England's Atreus goddamn we'd
fuck my head up that is the guy from the
Patriots no there's Aaron her name okay
that's where I fucked it up my apologies
Alex Alex Rodriguez and uh anyway this
this guy made a documentary called
cocaine cowboys and it's all about how
crazy during the big cocaine days Miami
was and how one year the entire
graduating class of the sheriff's
Academy the police academy whatever it
was they either were murdered or they
were arrested for corruption the whole
everyone the entire class at the entire
graduating year like ever it was wild
west chaos and there was all these
pilots bringing in millions of dollars
worth of coke and they had bags of money
buried in their backyard it's fucking
crazy
it's great man it's great it's a
two-part series over it says there's two
parts to it to do you ever to version
Black Mafia family you ever you ever
watch any documentaries about them no
that makes me always interested what did
they do they were a cocaine outlet in
the early 2000s out of Atlanta and they
transit at one point they were running
like most of the south-southeast headed
by the student named big Meech and then
they decided like we should legalize and
get into a rap but they had never done
anything like that before and they were
very blatant about it so the all of a
sudden these people who were came out of
nowhere we're just all on like every
magazine that they have this thing where
they're interviewed interviewing police
officers and they had this big billboard
when you would land in Atlanta that
would go that would just say BMF we own
the world
and they were just out there and they
would throw up these big parties with
Tigers and stuff and they only had one
recording artist so it was just like
they weren't good at pretending not to
be drug dealers it's so it's very
interesting to me well that whole rap
business man I mean if you just stop and
think about rap music other than some
country and I mean really like a small
amount of country would talk about
murder
men you know I shot a man in Reno just
to watch him die a few Johnny Cash maybe
some Merle Haggard Waylon Jennings maybe
some some of those songs but when you
get to like NWA
you have a totally different level of
aggression you know when you get to Ice
T's body count when he was doing that
hard metal shit he was doing fuck the
police or I'm a cop killer I mean it's
either NWA fuck the police or iced teas
I'm a cop killer he was like you never
heard anything like that before yeah and
those an interest in time because that's
I mean talking about real anger what we
talked about before this is coming from
real places who were dealing with you
know Los Angeles at a horrible time in
LA police corruption and then what's
crazy is in you it goes the other way
right they take that real anger that
people connect it to and then they just
started manufacturing and then rap
becomes all these fake stories of like
I've murdered all these people I have
all this money and now it's just so far
gone that it it's hard to find I mean
now my favorite authentic rap is like
people who are like oh you know I can't
find my Wi-Fi password or sure are
people just talking about raising their
kids now I love that in rap because then
I'm like oh you're for real yeah why not
talk about anything you know today was a
good day one of the original ones right
gonna be a song called oh you could eat
which was Joe about going to him yeah
but like today was a good day I mean is
that is like a classic example of
someone taking the art form and
completely switching it up and slowing
it down and make it casual and relaxed
and celebratory and that's from the same
dude the same dude from NWA yeah smart
man smart man he's a wizard of a writer
too his lyrics are fantastic you know
there's like when there's lyrics in my
mind when it comes to hip-hop there's
lyrics and there's nas nas does shit
that you just go like that backward song
you know just like everything is so it's
like
like a practiced like Orchestra you know
as opposed to just being rhymes like
it's sometimes he puts things together
so so interestingly you know he's got
his own special sort of appreciation for
things yeah he's also very smart man it
has to be best he invests a lot of tech
companies he does a lotta he's big in
the investments why he's young 20s when
he wrote that he's like 23 when that
song came out that's incredible
his dad was like a jazz musician so I
think he grew up around the culture of
creating things and being an artist he's
got that feel to him he's like a hybrid
you know in terms of he's like jazzy rap
sort of you know I mean like just
something to it's like almost like a
classical trained musician slash rapper
in terms of like how he constructs
things
yeah like Hamilton I didn't see Hamilton
did you see it no I'm but a lot of
people once well anything where a lot of
light that makes a lot of white people
get into a rap I go to probably not for
me oh I want to know any rap about the
presidents this one thing that like
white guys have managed to infiltrate
certain elements of Republic such a
small number of like legitimately
respected white rappers was a number
Eminem of course Eminem yeah for sure
Kid Rock in a way he's kind of a rapper
respect their rapper no no no but does
is fun yeah it's accepted MC sir
Macklemore and sir MC serch was great
mm-hmm I used to love them I used to
love third base they were fun never
liked bc bo however last for sure but
ever last has changed and now he raps
occasionally I would think he would call
himself more of a musician now jump
around them they still jump around well
not only that the last shit that they
put out was great too that stuff that he
came in and and showed us and he did
some stuff would be real and some other
guys what do they call it was his last
project
shoutout to that project we'll find it
Jamie we'll find it he's a shit but like
porn industries that's right more porn
industries that's preposterous
what a crazy name how high do you have
to be to come up with that name Action
Bronson oh yeah oh yeah yeah oh Action
Bronson
yeah dude I've never seen a man smoke
more weed in my life never seen it he
just keeps going like he just a member
we took a picture of the ashtray after
it was over so all the all the expired
blunts it was like this is Papa he's
from that fuck that's delicious show oh
yeah I'm a big Action Bronson friend I
love him he's so interesting to me
do you watch the cooking show sometimes
yeah it's interesting right like that
that guy was a like a legit chef yeah
yeah and Matt and then just that he's a
great rapper great chef a great
personality super nice guy I sell
paintings now
good for him yeah so for a billion
dollars that's 1 billion dollars you
fucks that's 2 billion that's amazed get
that money Action Bronson get that money
yeah man I'm all for people selling the
most ridiculous shit I went to my agents
house once he had this dope place in
Aspen I mean this place was crazy like
you know Aspen houses like near the ski
lodges and shed and on the wall he had
this painting and I said I go did this
kid make this and they go no that's a
you know some fucking obscure popular
artist I go what is that and they like
this is a really expensive piece of shit
the fuck up you're messing with me like
no it was like tissue paper there was
like different colors it was stuck with
glue and like a little piece of paper
and some paint on it get the fuck out of
here with this like what are you doing
with that can't count I mean what the
pretty no that's why I was stunned I
thought it was his kid I thought his kid
made it maybe I maybe I was dumb I
definitely was but younger and dumber
maybe I'd appreciate it now but I don't
think so I appreciate all kinds of our
I'd appreciate distorted things but I
don't appreciate like just a bunch of
splat you know what I mean let's gotta
have something to it yeah yeah like
Jackson Pollock stuff like that stuff
weirds me out I was like why is it so
expensive like I get it I got it you
mean it's crazy
it's definitely crazy but then you look
at you know you look at classic like
look at a you know some Frank Frazetta
stuff do you know who that guy on hmm he
was a fantasy painter homey from the
nineteen said there's a poster of his or
a print of one of his works out in the
lobby that Conan the Barbarian one with
that uh that monster he's got a sword he
was uh this guy that do he would do all
the covers for Conan the Barbarian books
just incredible
artwork like wild crazy fantasy shit and
this is your type of art oh just I loved
it when I was a kid man
when I was a kid you know when I was
like this seems like what you would like
I loved it it was the best his books
were incredible there's Robert E Howard
was this really tortured guy who was a
guy who lived with his mom he had you
know fairly poor health and he died
suicide when he was like 36 years old
but he wrote a bunch of these books
about a guy that was nothing like him
they've got a guy who was this just
unstoppable force of nature from this
baby he created this place called us was
Sumeria would he call it well this is
Sumerian it was Sumerian is that what it
was
we're Conan Conan the Cimmerian right
cime they created created a whole world
and in this world is like it was like
very games with Rhoni in a lot of ways
the original shit like no one to this
day has really captured the books in a
movie like Arnold was fun as Conan and
then Jason Momoa was like a better fit
physically he was like a perfect fit
physically more realistic as opposed to
like being a bodybuilder but nobody's
ever captured like the feeling of the
books because the books is just some
wild shit and it was all created by this
one guy was like super depressed you
just write these books about this guy
who just fucked all these women and
killed everyone and just
just smashed his way through the world
and power Fanta thing crazy shit though
was all him fighting dragons and
monsters and demons coming for his soul
and he ran for 72 hours and fights them
all for the sword and this was quit when
you're 12 years old like I was and I got
into this shit I get that that's like
what you see W wrestling was for me cuz
there was like titties everywhere and
violence and blood and nails
yea yea yea yea dude I watched one
yesterday on Instagram somebody had a
clip of a guy and a girl and they're in
the middle of the rain the guys making
out with the girl and then he turns on
their and bodyslams are down to the
ground and I was like what you could
still do that in Pro Wrestling you could
still fake like fake violence against a
chick I didn't know yeah oh yeah energy
arrest instilled a obey they slam they
fake slam chicks that is crazy I saw him
do that I was like that could not have
felt good
a lady suck a blow pop up a dudes butt
recently oh no mm-hmm
he and he didn't want it what is this
about it's just his dick you carry when
you carry around blow pop I guess you
know Wow Jesus Christ just Rathlin well
whatever you gotta do to show them
tickets
what is this Jamie is this the blow pop
thing no way oh my God he's really
sticking it up his ass oh my god and
then his side kicks him in the face and
the guy's guy's pants down wait a minute
that might be the greatest video I've
ever seen in my life the same guy who
did the like this beached great white
shark that's crazy
fuck that's crazy I can't show it the
shark was chasing a seagull
oh you can't show it and accidentally
ended up in the beach why don't these
guys grab it and pull it back in the
foam is why I invite you oh my god the
guys throwing water on it just grab it
you just grab it
they don't know Oh how do they not know
I scared that's dead it's dead now they
can only last outside oh it's still
still breathing a little bit it's crazy
that is an ancient fucking feeding
machine look at the face on that thing
man just stop and think about what a
motherfucking nightmare the ocean is
yeah what a nightmare things like that
are just roaming around and us assholes
we think what being spiritual hey man
I'm just gonna get on my board I'm just
gonna get on my board be Monster food no
I put my foot in the back out I'm such a
pussy when it comes to the ocean I was
in Hawaii and we went snorkeling dive at
the water and you staring down it was
cool we were by this reef and but all I
was thinking is I just need seen one of
these motherfuckers and I'm never
getting in this water again one of those
motherfucker
I can't wanna do that now I couldn't I
was too heavy before I was past the
weight limit that you could go do some
diving how do I know I would always tell
myself I didn't want to do it but not
one do it yeah you can tell yourself a
lot of things right mm-hmm
yeah Mitchell burgers tell a joke about
a writing that uh when he gets funny
idea he writes things down or he if he's
lazy he not that funny how did you lose
the weight um I really just changed my I
got a trainer that was a big part of it
and they changed my diet and started
exercise a bunch more from a guy who
didn't exercise at all and ate multiple
Philly cheesesteaks a day took guy who
eats a bunch of boneless skinless
chicken breast and protein shakes and
now I work out like six times a day
Wow yeah just seemed like I was gonna
die if I didn't so what do you do for
working out these days uh you know
weightlifting a lot of
see the data you know just fly back a
little biceps
you know when arm rolls and whatnot just
general weightlifting so but you're you
do it a lot yeah yeah yeah do you um do
you fund has an effect on your mood on
how you feel oh absolutely
how do you feel how much better do you
feel now and how much you attributed to
the working out to losing weight or both
of them together it's a combination
definitely the diet and just feeling
better nutrition wise is a it's very
helpful but you know just doing two
shows a night now you know they used to
be a thing for me I used to be like
really tired afterwards and now is you
know no problem I do a lot of voiceovers
and and other little things and so you
know I'm always bouncing around from
going like doing shows in the weekend
and coming home and didn't happen to go
to voiceover on Monday morning and
taking care of my son and helping him
with his homework and just being able to
do that and not being like oh I'm just
I gotta go pass out I'm tired you know
that's really the biggest deal being
able to take on more so then I'm able to
make more money so I was carrying my
daughter around my shoulders the other
day she likes to get carried around
she's 63 pounds and while she's on my
shoulders after you know 40 minutes or
so of that like it's fucking rough like
it starts really hurting your neck start
getting really tired and I had to put it
down and I was thinking like how crazy
is that there's a lot of people that
just carry that much extra around with
them all the time they're always
carrying around an extra 60 pounds and
you don't think it's that much of a deal
until you don't have it and then you
walk with it yeah you know and you
realize like and it's this like even if
it's not that like when a kid sitting on
your neck it's not like the ideal place
to carry all the weight they actually
make a thing there's a company called
the outdoorsman they make a thing called
the Atlas pack it's like a backpack
frame and but at the back of it is like
one of those weightlifting posts so you
could slide an Olympic barbell or
Olympic plate on and two plates you put
as much as 90 pounds on it clamp this
thing down and then it's sitting more on
your hips it's way easier to
Airi but even that still it's fun it's
fucking sucks man walking around with
just 45 extra pounds on your back sucks
yeah just getting you know just being
like my mid-30s and being like oh my my
knees are hurting I didn't I never
played football I never did anything
like that my knees shouldn't be hurting
right and just knowing I think I had to
just change just changed my mindset
about like before when I was just doing
stand-up to do it and didn't think I was
gonna be successful it didn't matter I
was just like I'm just living for today
give me free pizza and give me whatever
and then it was like once this thing
started changing a little bit I was like
oh I'm things are happening I still
don't even really know what I'm doing
let me if I give myself a better chance
and take care of my health take care of
my body let me see how far I can push
these gifties skills you know and it
became more about not wanting to waste
opportunities that's very cool that's
cool I like that so your love of
stand-up made you sort of concentrate
even more on your own body yeah not
crazy yeah like not your love of
yourself not your love of your body like
course like this is you have to go
through number what you do in your life
you're going through it with your body
but it was your love of stand-up I mean
like god I gotta do something about this
fucking body yeah that crazy yeah love
of stand-up I love my son and love of
fashion and I didn't you know when you
get to certain size all your shirts got
dogs on them and you know I don't want
that anymore
Yeah right it gets like you get into
that triple XL I'm happy whenever
anybody does anything that uh that
benefits their health whether it's uh
for whatever your motivation the end
result is always good it's always good
no matter what motivation is positive or
negative you want to prove somebody
wrong you know or you just want to do
just do better just have a better path
you know so it's so it's so attainable
for so many people so many people could
at least be way healthier at least have
way more energy at least like understand
not that feeling of just being like oh
all day and
every time I cheat like burgers and
fries and and and like milkshakes and
shit like that if I really go off the
deep end with my diet I feel like dog
shit I feel terrible
it hits me like oh and then you gotta
realize hey man this is how a lot of
people feel all the time
yeah that's the big deal for me and the
same thing just going off ate half a
burger and was feeling so sick and then
I was like man I used to live like this
every meal yeah and my body you know
this is just a you know testament of
what your body is capable to adapt to
you know but once you start going the
other way and started really getting
health and you really in your body
becomes more sensitive to it you really
are like oh I prefer not to cheat you
know do you think still gotta have that
balanced you gotta have fun there's
nothing wrong with an ice cream or
something like that every now and again
some sort of a dessert but it's it
really it's they they just think that
your body has to be accustomed to
getting what it needs that's what it is
and for too many people they're running
on nutrition deficit so when your body
is just not getting what it needs for
long periods of time then you develop
chronic inflammation and all sorts of
other problems and this is what people
are really suffering from you know you
they're suffering from a nutritional
deficiency that's probably lasted for
years they probably never did you know
some people they just they go 10 15 20
years without even thinking about their
dying there's eating dog shit you're
just eating stuff that doesn't have
enough nutrients and your body just
starts to get weaker there's no way
around it and if you just just turn that
starting salads eating healthy fish and
and and you know some healthy meat and
just take some vitamins take some
vitamin supplements real simple you know
just get yourself some multivitamins get
yourself like a little thing at athletic
greens or something like it get your
fucking health online and once you do
you'd be like oh I should you better I
feel this all I had to do and I'm this
person now yeah mentally so much better
much clearer much happier much happier
it's so hard though because we love
mouths pleasure
you know but to the point where people
poisoning their bodies to get mouths
pleasure yeah and it's just you know
constantly pushed in your face everybody
always knows we talk about all the time
you know in the cheeseburgers 50 cents
salad like five six dollars you know is
you have to make that effort you have to
be able to want to cook at home and it's
not it's not made easy and and that's
what I think we become as a society less
cool and less appreciative of effort you
know yeah but there's also there's
something really annoying about people
that want you to eat healthy yeah that
do oh hi hi get the fuck out of here if
you're sitting there and you're having a
burger and fries and enjoying the shit
out of it and some asshole next to yous
got kale with shaved pecans and talking
shit about your diet while they're
pouring fresh olive oil on top of their
shitty salad come on man leave me alone
you know me alone why enjoy something
gross yeah a taster oh but I think as
long as the the majority of your diet is
really healthy then you can get in those
fuck off days it doesn't matter
your body will bounce back just don't
don't put it in a deficit yes the whole
key and that's where I've been coming
from and that's that's why I have to I
have to keep reminding myself because I
get frustrated when I'm out like these
parties or whatever and see out you know
it's food everywhere yams everywhere and
I might have to stay it'll focus on this
diet because I'm like I you know I'm 36
now and I want to make sure that I'm at
my healthiest and I returned this
deficit when I'm 40 you know because
that when a natural aging process kicks
in I don't want to be like kicking off
still being you know 230 to 220 pounds I
want to be like 200 and and be able to
coast and be a hot old man hot old man
yes because it's also way easier
competitions less true yeah it's way
easier to maintain to than it is to like
if you're in your 50s and then you start
working out then is hard it's
really it's hard for me when I get out
of shape like if I get hurt or something
like that I take a couple weeks off
that's you feel it like whoa it's way
harder to bounce back way hard like
twice as hard as it was when I was
younger like you got to be disciplined
yes stay on the horse yeah that's what
I've been trying to do now is I think
you know when you're younger 22 teens or
whatever you don't want to listen to
anybody saying those things and now I'm
like I'm starting to listen who in
someone I know more my friends are 50 or
older and they're like hey you need to
do this now because one cheat meal for
me is two weeks of work yeah yeah um do
you do anything like athletic that's fun
like that's one way to get good workouts
in like if you play a game you like
tennis tennis is very fast-paced people
like doing that gives them good car
towns and tennis boxing towns into
boxing to like anything mean you don't
have to box a person I don't recommend
you do because but just hitting a bag
it's like it's really satisfying - yeah
I've been interested in getting in the
boxing I am I tried some pro wrestling
for a little bit I went to a pro
wrestling school no yeah what about you
have you ever thought about actual
grappling like taking jiu-jitsu or I
thought about let's see like I hurt
easily well you could but you're a smart
guy I think you'd figure it out pretty
quickly it's it's it's a very unusual
thing because you think of people like
if you thought of someone who does does
Jiu Jitsu you think like like a jock
itch type person but the majority of
them that are really good or really
nerds that's I've met a couple people at
all like they're similar to me they're
just kind of like the other side of me
we're like oh you like comic books and
video games too you just beat people up
well they don't be people up they
strangle them but when I say nerd I mean
I mean it with all due respect that
they're you know cuz I'm a nerd in a lot
of ways with some things but they
they're they're very like jujitsu geeks
they're like people that are obsessed
with anything else whether it's music or
video games or they become obsessed but
they're doing it in this physical way
that requires you to have a deep
understanding of all the potential moves
it's very complicated in terms of like
your ability to when you when you're
rolling with someone like say if I roll
with a guy and I know he's like a brown
belt or a black belt or something like
that I'm we're having an argument or
Goods a conversation with techniques and
the more vocabulary you have and the
stronger your use of those words ours
particularly the basic words the better
your chance of winning the argument
that's what it's like almost like this
really complicated debate with physical
leverage comedy cuz I feel like that
kind of reminds me of your style it um
it definitely is like it's like a lot of
what I try to do is like figure things
out in a joke form right I try like what
why is that
what's that so and that like that's what
I've been trying to do over the last few
years I think so in in that sense it is
kind of similar that's because you're
trying to figure something out like it's
it's like a puzzle like there's I know
there's some juice in this puzzle like
how do i how do i turn this into a bit
why do I think this is funny like what
do I think I can say out of this that's
funny
and also people go oh yeah huh you know
and if I could do that it's so in that
sense yeah it's kind of H but it's also
it's very human it's humbling it's very
humbling because you're getting
strangled and you like just you live in
power he also just know you know like my
instructors Jean Jacques Machado he's
very famous
jiu-jitsu blackbelt world champion super
nice guy one of the nicest guys on the
planet but every time I grapple with him
it's just like a it's a matter of time
before he catches me with something it's
just it's not whether or not I'm ever
gonna catch him that's not gonna happen
it was just a total different world and
a lot of that is his deep knowledge and
understanding something and you being a
smart guy I think you'd get into it
especially because you love pro
wrestling so there's like there's like
you have them at least you have a
mindset for watching guys do things to
each other and manipulate each other
which is half of what's exciting about
pro wrestling right some guy pulling off
some crazy move
even if it's orchestrated it's still a
crazy thing that these guys are pulling
off on each other yeah I mean I I like
that more because then I'm like oh
they're friends and they work this out
together
my problem is I know they're getting
hurt and then not even really fighting
mm-hmm right I mean they're it's they're
hitting each other for sure they're
doing things to each other and slamming
each other it's all real but those guys
get banged up and they do it way more so
if you're watching the guy who's
fighting in the UFC
they have practices that they can
control so if they know that they have a
hurt you know back or a hurt foot you
know they'll put shit and instead pass
on they won't they won't kick they'll do
things will they work around whatever
injury they have whether when they're in
the camp you can't do that when dudes
are throwing you something you got a bad
back and sometimes fucking picking you
up bang well they will you know they'll
adjust what moves they will do but I do
really like your point about least they
can take some time off yeah they can
definitely adjust I'm sure yeah they can
definitely make an agreement with each
other hey don't slamming my back is
fucked but those guys get beat the fuck
up talking to dowse Paige and jake the
snake' two guys that have had on the
podcast forum they were amazing and
especially Jake stories fucking crazy
man yeah when he tells you his story and
what a nice guy big giant nice man
like just genuinely friendly and and
happy that everything's going well for
him now crazy but that's a rough
business is my point like I'm way rather
like real
grappling I feel like real grappling for
like if Ella's gonna tell a person like
what would be safer for your body
I think pro wrestling's harder I think
it's harder on you I could see that dude
get slammed you watch some of that stuff
but knowing what you know now about
brain damage and knowing what you know
now about that it's not even concussions
necessarily as much as it's
sub-concussive trauma that doesn't knock
you unconscious but just rattles your
fucking head and the repeated impacts of
those yeah those guys are getting that
all the time yeah all the time
yeah no I go back and sometimes I watch
some older wrestling and
it really makes me cringe cuz he got a
lot of guys taking all these chair shots
straight to the face straight to the
face yeah so Ken Ken Shamrock take this
one to the head that sounded like a
gunshot it was crazy
yeah dude what is it about people
getting smacked in the head
um Tom Segar has been sending me these
Russian slapped Championships his video
have you seen this shit oh my god these
guys stand in front of each other and
smack each other in the face full clip
but some of them are doing a terrible
job they're hitting with their finger at
against my finger they're getting
fingers and then there's other guys that
are basically doing like a ridge hand
strike to your neck they're clipping
guys on the chin like this and they
follow through that looks like a slap
but this is not a slap this this is like
a karate chop there they're like going
like that to the head and then it turned
mean it's way harder and then some guys
are doing like a boss fruit and palm
strike they're hitting like this they're
doing like a right hook to the head like
that it's brutal
guys are get knocked unconscious I like
to see it but just with like older black
moms there used to be the dumbest thing
ever it was called like X arm and they
would tape these guys arms together and
let them have an MMA fight what it was
an MMA fight slash arm wrestling
competition and they were taped together
it sounds so stupid you can't imagine
that not only was it real but that the
guy who created it was one of the
original creators of the UFC like it's
such a great idea they just went for it
man look they taped these people
together their arms are taped together
they can't even move away and then when
they say go they start fighting come on
and they get an armbar so this guy folks
this guy's armed up dude he broke his
arm on the table a hundred percent if
that guy keeps pulling on that thing he
gets his arm snapped ya know I don't
know if you actually broke it right
there but if the way the leverage of
that table get that guys can't kicked in
the fucking head while he's tied to that
guy's arm it's crazy
his arm the pin is armed or KO him to
win what what what didn't work I mean it
didn't laugh why does some crazy people
can get I love it dude
but that's real and now this is the
other one chessboxing this is a legit
one too I think they box first and then
they play chess
right I think it goes back and forth oh
they keep going back and forth that's a
good move but seriously if you need to
ko did it the other ring what if you get
ko do you win yeah if you win addition
is there one yeah like if you win it
trust me you get flatlined in 30 seconds
whoo that's also be really fun if
there's people who are horrible at
fighting but really good it yeah and
they would just lay down yeah you win
you win this part I'm just here for the
chest
I suck at chess why do they have
headphones on focus do you think so yeah
really while you're playing chess I like
to fuck crowd yeah Oh cuz people
probably say not to run - yeah it looks
like the fight was first yeah their
sweat by the way Knight to rook -
probably isn't a real move I just said
some numbers and some letters I don't
understand anything when it comes to
playing chess out loud I was friends
with this guy that was in prison mm-hmm
and in prison he learned how to play
chess with his words you know with it
just in his head and he was at this
place that we used to play pool at and
White Plains New York's called executive
billiards a classic old-school pool hall
yeah I think it's done now I think they
they just closed it down or something
like that maybe they're renovating or
something but this guy was playing with
this kid who was like a world champion
chess player and this kid would come by
and play pool this really young kid like
like 15 16 years old and the two of them
were sitting there playing chess with
each other like just saying you know
Knight to Queen 2 or you know whatever
the fuck it means and the guy would go
stand there go rook to six blah blah
blah and they would go back and forth
like this I bet I was
what are you imagining what they're
seeing like what are they seeing in
their head are they seeing like these
things move around in three dimensions
are they looking at it as a grid how are
they keeping track or where their
fucking pieces are it was humbling
humbling no that's just Street ejek mind
that I do not have what was interesting
to me too because there's a very young
man I think it was like 23 or 24 I got
to see how fucking smart this guy was
yet he still wound up in prison mmm so I
was like okay just because someone's a
criminal doesn't mean they're stupid and
just because someone's smart doesn't
mean they won't go to jail absolutely
those are two things I saw talking to
that guy and if he was in the middle of
the game once and he was gambling with
this guy and this is the guy from prison
it was super smart guy very sharp guy
and he was talking to the guy who's
playing he said dude my wife told me if
I don't get home by 10:00 she wants a
divorce and ten o'clock rolls around and
he yells out I guess I'm getting a
divorce
two hours later he just racks the balls
he was there two like two o'clock in the
morning but it was hilarious he just he
said like as they started playing my
wife says if I don't come home by 10:00
those are weird times man growing up in
like a suburb of Boston which was a
really nice place I grew up in this
place called Newton like real quiet
quaint little community to go from that
like the seedy pool halls of New York
was really weird for me very very
educational I got to see all these like
street hustlers I got to hang around
with these guys be friends with a lot of
homeless guys like I had guys that were
like pool players that wound up staying
on my couch they had nowhere to go you
know a couple of them and one of them
who became my best friend this guy named
Johnny but it was like we'd be in all
these weird places gambling like he's
weird strange places with these guys who
were like these semi-professional
players playing for hundreds thousands
of dollars and it'd be a big crowd of
guys all gathered around it'd be 1 2 in
the morning and I'd be thinking these
guys these are older than me men like
they don't have families like what do
they do like this is a whole separate
culture you know and you're in that
oh it was in a lot of ways men a lot of
ways it was very underworld II I was
obsessed with it two men I just wanted
to play pool all the time I wasn't very
good but the guys that was around were
very good I was around a lot of guys
were very wood very very good and you
got to see like the excitement of these
it was like it wasn't just excitement
that everybody was gathered around
mm-hmm and that they were playing this
game for a lot of money it was also the
excitement that we were bending the
rules we're all just a bunch of men
hanging out at this smoky place at one
o'clock in the morning on a Wednesday
and and everyone is in it together we're
all just in some way deranged derelicts
you know some weirdos from society that
configure their way to be able to be at
this place at one o'clock in the morning
on a Wednesday like why the fuck are you
here man I don't you have
responsibilities no one there had to be
responsibilities everyone there was some
sort of either a professional gambler or
they had like some one of the guys was a
fireman who they would they would put
them on these 24-hour shifts and they'd
be I have a couple days off I just come
to the pool hall and hang out and watch
guys gamble
I mean it's not similar didn't stand up
oh yeah man land of myth fits well
that's one of the reasons why I fit in
there from stand-up you know like
starting doing stand-up from 21 then
being around these pool hall guys when I
was like 23 or 24 I was like oh you guys
are like my fucked-up friends and I like
it's like too many people out there
think that there's like only one way to
live your life like there's a there's a
bunch of ways to live life there's a lot
yeah it's a whole lot of world and
everybody wants you to think that their
way of living life is the way you should
go about it it's real tricky because
they all want like this sort of
confirmation bias they want they want
you to confirm they want well it's more
like a confirmation desire they want you
to confirm that they're doing the right
thing if you listen to them then you
become happy and you know they come up
to you and they go hey man I'm really
really excited that you you told me how
to do it this way because now I'm just
living my life much better thank you
very much the people love to hear that
like yeah I'm right then I am living my
life the right way
it's not right way no so many paths yeah
be nice be positive work hard and do do
what you want Madeleine I would have
never got here if I listened to people
you know it's impossible they don't even
know what they're saying people give you
advice when they're absolutely not sure
of what they're saying they just
subtract they practice on you they give
sometimes people give you advice in it's
real sometimes people have great advice
sometimes people really mean well and
sometimes people are just practicing
yeah this is in general how can anyone
give you advice that does doesn't relate
to something that happened to them you
know yeah like they're only going by
their life experience so that is one
thing I learned from the Chris Jericho
another wrestler where he was just like
you don't listen to unsuccessful people
because they don't know how to do it
yeah why would they tell you of course
they're gonna tell you you can't do it
because they couldn't do it a successful
person will tell you you can do it most
people I know like if you tell someone
that I wanna go try comedy you know if
you know if you have the balls to get up
there and do it they're gonna support
you yeah you know yeah and there's just
playing those people out there on both
sides there's plenty people out there
that will give you good advice and
really care and you know want you to do
well in your life and there's plenty of
people that don't want to see anybody
doing any better than them and they're
not doing that well there's a lot of
that a lot of that that's a sickness
that we got to forgive people for
because I I had it when I was a young
man for sure and I think many of us
struggle with it it's one of things that
made me realize that I was looking at
stand-up the wrong way in terms were
like other people's standup I was
looking at other people stand-up is like
a comparison to mine in that I was
judging like who's the best who's doing
better who's this who's that and then I
realize like that is so stupid like I
should just be a fan of comedy and do
comedy mm-hm and so I shifted the way I
thought about it so instead of like when
I would see someone killing I'd be like
god I wish I thought of that bit or God
he's doing so good shit now I have to
follow him instead mm-hmm
somewhere along the line I got to a
place where you like this is great this
is funny like I love the fact that this
guy is funny now I can become a fan of
comedy again yeah instead of like being
wrapped up in my own creation of it and
producing my own stuff yeah
well I was not that always I belong
similar journey I was very competitive
not but maybe a year or two ago and
getting in a relationship that I'm in
now has been very helpful cuz she's a
big fan of comedy and she always wants
to watch comedy and so then I'm always
like okay I have to just not because I
have to enjoy these people too because
you know you're right they're great and
I had to learn like I don't want
everybody to be doing the comedy that
I'm doing or I'm not special yeah I want
to see all these different types of
styles I think I mean the fact that I
mean you are in this room together and
we both respect each other's comedy in
our comedies worlds apart and you know
just come to completely different styles
but we both respect each other because
we both know that we're in what we do
you know if I were to try to be like you
that would make no sense I was trying to
be like you people go what's going on
man what are you doing up there come you
won like that
what is this of kratom a lot of people
on that kratom know I respect the fuck
how do you man and I respect your
process you know you're like we were
talking about it as a art form as this
structure based you know like you you
structure things you know how to set
things up it's so important and we don't
have anyone to tell us how to do it we
have to kind of like learn from each
other and learn from the Great's of the
past that we can you know we could watch
but it's in a lot of ways it's sort of
an undocumented art form in terms of the
creation of the art form and part of the
problem is that everybody has their own
way of doing it like that's why I asked
you like do you write down do you do
type do you just have some some of the
best just have ideas and they don't
write shit and then they go on stage a
lot and then they work those ideas out
when they're on stage and they work
those ideas out in their head and they
keep everything in their head you know
there's a lot of guys who are really
great who don't they don't write they
just write in the moment they write on
stage and they have ideas and they flesh
them out and they continue to work on
them and they just stay active they
never have to actually sit and write
and they're some of the best and then
there's guys who write everyday and
they're some of the best you know it's
like fuck man I don't leave is the right
way to do it I think it's just us left
you just have to care and you have to be
trying to get better yes 100 percent 100
sentences it's got to be effort and not
going back in like when I'm trying to do
now is is be a little bit more picky
because I go I like did my special then
I go write a joke I go oh you're
basically doing an extension of what
you've already written and linking don't
don't do that like let's try something
new let's go some well if you don't have
it this just go up there and and relax a
bit live life a little bit yeah most of
my materials personal in anyway you know
I don't really do a lot of topical so
for me to generate material I usually
have to be active in life and that
things happen to me yes yes yeah I think
um I think it's really important to be
around a lot of other people that are
doing it really well - mm-hmm you know
one of the things I really get out of LA
was on any given night I can go to store
and watch someone murder you know like
all the time and you're like mom one
person like 6 7 8 people killin in their
own way and you just around that to just
get this like extra juice out of that
place man you know get extra juice out
of La out of the store a lot of times I
have the improv it's like there's just
there's so many of us here it's a crazy
hive of comedians if you really stop and
think about it yeah you know I mean but
gene Diaz and burr and you know Segura's
here you know you're here D'Elia I mean
it's just fucking every week that places
mom Aaron's here it's like Theo Vaughn's
here it's just it's chaos Sebastian's
here yeah like holy shit you might get a
drop in from Chappelle all the time yeah
all the time yeah I mean it's one of the
weirdest places ever in terms of like a
hive of comedy and we're so lucky to be
in that hive man we'd watch and all this
shit go down in 2019 you know this epic
time for stand-up yeah that's the thing
you know I don't like to bring it up all
the time but like when something like
what Brodie pathing happens that
to go like oh yeah stopping and so on
the rat race and so competitive all the
time and worried about what you're
making and realize that the true gift is
the time that you get to spend with
these truly unique minds you know the
people who don't think like me at all
people who you say you every day where I
go oh like how like that was in the air
for anyone yes
that's the weirdest feeling right when
you're like fuck how did I miss that
goddamnit Tony Hinchcliffe has a joke
right now I don't want to give it away
but it's it's one of those where he does
it I go God is that so good Santino's
got this bit about candles that I'm like
you know I worked with him all weekend I
was in Austin with him he's great yeah
I love him took George Perez to mmm
George Perez murdered murdered in Austin
oh yeah I did cap city comedy club I
wanted to go do the comedy club for a
goof I need to do more comedy clubs it's
just such a different thing that such a
rich comic who do a club as a goof you
make a decision whether you want to make
a lot of money or have a lot of fun yeah
true truly
yeah yeah and it's not that it's not a
lot of money to work at a club it's it's
great money it's not bad but it's um
it's a different choice it's like the
choice of right now for me the choices
are about just trying to make my shit
make more sense and more reps in front
of different people and and more feels
more different vibe you know yeah every
time you go onstage you're in a
different place audience is different
introduce yourself to new people yeah
well I'm trying to do I'm getting ready
to go out on a tour and I specifically
was asking my people or like I was like
I want to go to Huntsville Alabama I
want to go to like I want to go to these
places that you don't expect to see me
and I want to see a because I think it'd
be cool they're just bringing people
were like hey why are you here
and I want to see that's why I'm going
to Australia I just want to see make my
comedy travel and I'll learn I'll learn
how to I'm sure I'll go in there and
I'll say something that's too American
and I'll be like
oh okay right and it'll just den it in
for my writing and I would start writing
more globally and you know and those it
a type of things I'm looking for now
they're fantastic
Australia is great they're like
alternative Americans you know I say
that a good way like in an era like a
degree nicer than Canadians it's like
you get Canadians who where I say
there's 20% less douchebags in Canada
then there is the United States you
could always find bad people everywhere
but then you've got people from
Australia I think they take that another
10% it's like one of the nicest people
ever they're so nice I can't wait the
fucking great man their shows our show's
over they're amazing you know and
they're there they appreciate then they
know most of our shit you know they
understand most references and things
that we will talk about but if you knew
a few about them it would it would
probably help them relate to you it's
it's a weird culture it's it's a place
that I would totally live if I didn't
live here if I didn't live in America or
I didn't live in Canada I don't want to
go anywhere I'm not saying I want to
leave America but I said if I did yeah
but you travel and you like you you you
find a place where this is fun to visit
and then you find this place it's like
to me like Italy is nice to visit by
like I could never live here but then I
go to Amsterdam I'm like I live here
this is like Portland like Portland
yeah Portland sort of fashioned itself
after that when it became legal to have
weed there too right mm-hmm
a lot of those places were comparing
themselves to Amsterdam way back in the
day you know it's funny
Amsterdam was a place where people would
actually go there to get high it's like
the the very first high destination when
people try a broke gonna go to Amsterdam
get high I like going just for the vibe
of like we talked about earlier of no
stigma there's no like someone if you
know I drop something on the ground or
whatever to people oh you stoner like
there's nothing like that in Hazzard am
and I love that feeling it's a dumb
thing here that's just a remnant of
propaganda and dumb stoners that are
real people you know I mean there's
always that time where you run into
someone who's too high you're like oh
man you just fucking up the whole
stereotype man you're perpetrating sir
yes oh yes smoke the ball and others
coming out of your nose like yeah there
was certain people that just get too
high they just get two hands you two
weirded out by life and you're like bro
slow down
alright now you're okay alright no
everybody's okay yeah the end is
horrible for everyone in anyone but
right now you're okay so if you can't be
happy now when you're okay and you're
worried about the times when you not
gonna be okay that is madness
alright so you got a police offer of
madness and be in the moment in the
moment everything's fine
but that's a tight wire walk when you're
high as fuck right that's okay wire walk
when you're sober it is so you see they
they let that dude off the Empire guard
yeah I did see that when I'm slide I
love it it makes it so exciting for me
I've been wild couple dates on my
girlfriend go I go the craziest thing
would be if they say he's not guilty
because then you have to go what
happened what happened what happened did
he bribe somebody or did some new
evidence come forth that they had a bad
investigation did the two guys that were
his witnesses did they get caught lying
about something else
you know the witnesses against him they
might have caught them lying about
something else and they don't know what
to do and they have to abandon the case
because then they're they obviously know
that he's a lot these guys lied about
something who the fuck knows man I know
I can make a guest miss they won't be
educated but just knowing Chicago in
general I mean my guess is maybe the way
they were going after the investigation
wasn't really aboveboard and if they if
they he's just like I'm not guilty and
they have to actually go in and present
this evidence they don't have you know
they don't have what they really need to
have you know like I don't I don't think
anyone's going around like okay yeah
well then those two Nigerian maca guys
did a tackle on Magra guys it's so great
well then they also they sealed the case
so fun yeah it's crazy yeah if you
wanted like a good twist you know in the
movie like this is a crazy scene in the
movie where crazy music is playing and
you see Jessie Smollett come out in slow
motion and put his sunglasses on and get
into the limo
not guilty music and he comes out in
slow motion and gets in the limo and
then dudes are wearing ski masks and
people are pulled on it's like like one
ongoing story and one of those Tarantino
movies we've got four stories like Pulp
Fiction battling it out he's one of them
where he gets not guilty and it becomes
a big twist cuz you feel like you find
out there's some behind-the-scenes
shenanigans and shit that led to this
yeah because what happens we were like
oh he's never going to work again and
but now not guilty so does he get his
own show it's a good question what well
the other thing is for a little longest
time Chicago has been thought to be a
place that is like a you know what
things can happen there you can make
shit happen right is that a fair way to
say it I love Chicago I don't want to be
disparaging but there's been some some
cases of corruption oh yeah no I mean
that's where I was raised
it'll vary a coral place most of our
mayors and stuff go to jail so I don't
think I'm being unfair yeah there's uh
there was a scene in a movie what was
the scene in the movie where someone say
cago is the most corrupt big city
Illinois third most state in the country
mafia ties yeah that's great published
February 15th so this shit this is
recent oh my goodness yeah um I don't
know man I don't know about Chicago I'd
be talking out of my ass you don't I
jump a little bit yeah tell me what it's
like if they're cold it's very cool
rough fucked right then sometimes it's
very hot right now is he it's either
usually too cold and shooty are very hot
and shooty and then the spring is
delightful
shooty that's the best verb ever judy to
shooting there's a love to Judy oh
that's fucking hilarious
shooty yeah it is it's way way way way
way to shooty right and do you think
that people is my opinion or no if you
agree I think the people in colder areas
like Detroit in Boston Chicago like
there are different kind of people
there are harder people than people that
grow up like in San Diego no disrespect
San Diego I'm sure a lot of your heart
is fuck but there's like a difference
between people that have to shovel snow
and deal with that fucking winter and be
holed up and really be fucking freezing
like we come in from outside just fuck
fuck fuck and you you appreciate the
warmth of a nice restaurant or something
like that when you walk in from out of
the cold
yeah shoveling snow it's windy as hell
and then you got like very aggressive
homeless people there yeah oh you're
gonna yeah you're gonna get tougher I
had the unprogrammed mat for myself when
I moved from the Chicago to Oregon cuz I
was a teen it was always like even my
walking my walking was too slow for
Oregon because I would walk and I take a
look back cuz that's how my mom taught
me to walk in Chicago's make sure
nobody's sneaking up on you yeah and in
Oregon they didn't have they didn't had
that concern yeah fuck that's a weird
way for a kid to grow up to man it
always be worrying about danger hmm but
of stranger things about that is that
it's very hard for people to get over
that hump it's a very hard for people to
just calm down after they've been in a
bad environment for a long time you get
wired a certain way mm-hmm and even
though you're in a new place now and
everything's calm you're still looking
out you're still thinking this shit
could go sideways mm-hmm you've seen
people go sideways yeah yeah that's why
it's hard to be in a relationship with
me something I miss about when it was
snowing and you would go outside and it
would be silent you didn't hear anything
it was one of some of my favorite times
living in Boston or Newton where I was I
lived right across the street from the
Charles River and there was like this
big grassy area in front my house and
you just look at all the white it would
just be all white snow and it muffled
everything like it looks so it was sound
insulation for everything you didn't
hear shit you know that feeling Jamie
you grew up in Columbus you know when
you get a like a big snowstorm it's why
it's like it's just like sound deadening
everywhere there's no hard edges anymore
everything is covered with snow
it feels good it would feel good you
know it feel like this is nice as long
as you have food as long as you know
it's gonna go away
long as the plows are still running as
long as you have either firewood or a
backup generator or something sometime
that electricity cuts out yeah and then
everyone gets scared not holes up
together mm-hmm
I remember that episode of I Love Lucy
ah did you ever have that happen yeah no
I did terrifying I did too
everybody does if you live in a place
where it snows at some point in time the
power goes out I remember these guys in
Toronto were telling me their power went
out for two weeks and it was fucking
crazy cold like in the zeros and below
zero and they were doomed I mean there
was ice everywhere and I said me the
power lines fall down they had you know
like frozen rain had come and covered
everything when ice and things were
breaking off and power was out and like
blocks and blocks and blocks and all
these people in fucking the dead of
winter in a city were in danger mmm a
scary scary shit man because you you
mean my only firewood you'll have a
place to burn it you're in a goddamn
apartment building what are you gonna do
everybody's fucking freezing
no one's gonna help you phone doesn't
work there's no fucking power of you
think about a lot though right cuz you
always talk about that like we're so
coddled with you know our I thought
about the thin veneer of civilization
that's what I think about and what I
think about it more than anything is
from natural disasters that's what I
think about I think about the potential
for natural disasters there's this it
can happen at any moment and most people
have no preparation for it whatsoever
they have no idea what they would do it
just seems that if you if you're paying
attention to history at all you know
that this happen it happens all the time
it almost just happened that one that
you were you pulled up the other day
that happened in December some asteroid
that blew up in our atmosphere that had
five times the power of Hiroshima ten
times ten times the power of Hiroshima
blows up in our VAT our atmosphere
motherfucker man that hits that hits
Chicago right in the face that can
happen
I mean it's happened all over the world
before
mm-hmm it's a there's a total
possibility that we can get hit with a
chunk of iron the size of a fucking
ocean liner and it just slams into a
city and nukes that city that shit
happens I think that does it bother you
or that make you more free uh I would
lie to you so it makes you more it makes
me more free I don't think that's true
though I think it definitely makes me
sound paranoid but I've thought about
that a lot
and it's just I'm just being accurate
but it also I'm a pretty uh pretty
involved yes I try to be pretty present
try to be pretty here you know as much
as I can and so if you're here
like if you're present and you're aware
of all these things it's just a slippery
or grip on present you could still be
present and we're like this isn't gonna
last this whole thing is gonna last
these people are building buildings
right next to the goddamn ocean the
oceans rising you know it's there's a
real possibility that rocks are gonna
slam into this motherfucker any day now
or a hundred years from now or five
years from now nobody knows but one day
it's gonna happen it's gonna be boom and
the fucking earth is gonna ring for a
million years that's what happens nice I
mean I'm okay with that
cuz out of my control in that regard
it's a good way to look at it mm-hmm but
it's also seems like horseshit because
this world seems very permanent this
moment seems very permanent life seems
very real it's been real my whole life
every day I get up life is real you know
I don't you know this too shall pass
right you know you got it you always
know nothing is true I think that's one
of the biggest life lessons I had by
having a night most stable childhood
moving around a lot and bouncing around
to different schools in different states
where I was like I learned very quickly
that things aren't permanent I learned
also that things are very relative to
whatever area you are that's what really
helped me I think helped my voice as a
comedian now is that I've learned very
young that like what school is very
relative to wherever you are you know
the things that were cool in Chicago
people weren't on in Oregon things that
were cool in Oregon or like Greece you
know beat up in Chicago yeah so I
learned very quickly to just be like oh
man just joy what I do and just like
what I'm about it's um
it really helped my life be more more
peaceful in that way and that's why I
let you know 36 year old man homes a
shit ton of wrestling action figure yeah
that's half of the life is trying to
find the balance between being satisfied
and being motivated and being happy and
just being again it's being present
you know just finding out what you
actually enjoy just doing it just do
that thing you know well kind of
wrestling action figure it and that's
where the path is you think of that
thing would be like comedy but then you
also learn that you can't you can
overdose on that you can be over because
that's the thing I learned like when I
was started headlining and then I you
hear these stories and when I was
younger when I clean greg Giraldo died
or patrice died and i just get these
parts where my men that's like and
obviously all due respect to them not as
I said but I was like I don't want to
die on the road like that's not how I
wanna ya live my life I don't want be
found in some hotel somewhere I want
Mike my family around me and want people
who care about me
and and that really made me be like okay
I have to think about more than just
like each individual set I have to start
thinking about what do I want to give
back what do i what do I want to do
bigger than that like do what do I want
to do if I just want to do the road for
fun if I just want to like if I want to
move into something else one might but
son 16 he's gonna be going hopefully
they'll be going to college soon and I
want to be like I wanna be able to spend
more time with him yeah you know yeah
your your life as a comic you know it
often times I find that guys go through
these stages and then the first stage
kind of feel like an imposter
feel like a fraud you know you feel like
like you know I'm not really that good
at this and then you you get to a stage
where you feel like a professional you
feel you're a professional
you start to take put more
responsibility on your work you know for
me I think that's right around wanted to
have with me somewhere around 10 years
in I decided like yeah I gotta treat
this like I'm an actual professional and
stop fucking off I was i fucked off a
lot I went through periods of years
where I didn't write anything or I just
was really lazy and I had the same sex I
was doing TV show shit and got sitcom
stuff and this wasn't wasn't working on
the act at all but it's just such a more
energised time right now in comedy you
know guys like Santino like we're
talking about all these guys that are
coming up all every having all this good
comedy around you it's almost like like
it raises everybody's vibration like the
whole the whole community like is the
better everybody gets instead of how
everybody used to approach it where
everybody was competing against each
other and then you kind of like you have
weird feelings when you around each
other now everything's like a different
kind of odd yeah it's a healthy
competition and one thing I'm really
liking is a change of the presentation
of people being more cognizant of like I
want to present like just dressing up
more you know looking nicer not
necessarily trying to like suit up or
anything but I see more and more posters
or more and more things where the people
are clearly putting work into their
graphic design and their heart are even
and I don't want to speak for female
comedians at all but like I'm just
noticing a trend more where women are
being not who used to be either like I
am the hot girl or like I'm just a dude
like you don't don't worry I might be
hot but you wouldn't know because I'm
wearing a hoodie you know and now
there's just more of these women being
like I'm just me and so I might be hot
but that's not a part of this you know
and I see that a lot now but they'll
still go out there and no put out their
posters where they're like in a bikini
or whatever you know cause it's like why
wouldn't you write like just like when I
go and I wear a suit you know but I love
seeing people more take charge of that
and of what they're presenting and not
just because I mean that's how I used to
dress all the time which is where a big
purple hoodie or whatever you know but
now more like I want to look more like I
guess I'm like a star well there's
definitely something that I'm you know I
remember the Martin Lawrence days when
he was on top knee where those crazy
outfits onstage or Eddie Murphy and raw
we wear this crazy
leather jumpsuit you know like he put a
lot of effort into what he was gonna
wear it delirious that was another one
like Eddie Murphy had these crazy
costumes you could only wear if you were
doing stand-up in a lot of ways I mean
it was the ultimate Eddie Murphy costume
you know I'm saying like if you really
think about like am sure listen I read
yeah yeah like with Kinison what do you
picture you picture the beret you
picture the overcoat the picture the
white sneaker is like it was his crazy
outfit yeah like kind of a like you
would kind of expected that look from
him but with Eddie Murphy's Eddie Murphy
was like you know leather like colored
leather and you know it was very
powerful it was very bold which was like
his comedy you know it was like letting
you know it this is a special night is
it now he doesn't dress like this every
day yeah
this is yeah he's on stage doing a show
like that yeah yeah I like it when just
people think about the full presentation
I've been even doing that with like the
playlist that the club plays before my
show like I've been setting that up now
because I want a vibe of mostly fish I
got a piss so bad so I want to keep
going though I don't want to stop so I
just did two podcast and Rona drank too
much coffee
so Jamie once you guys talk about
something you have in common all right
okay drama can't smokes my pot yeah
talk amongst yourselves okay nice
welcome to the wrongful death experience
writing your own podcast too right I do
it's called getting better with Ron
Funches
we just kind of I talked to people who I
admire or people who I want to learn
from people who have accomplished things
I want to accomplish or have gotten
better in some form in their life and I
ask him about it and about setting goals
and stuff give or how do you just set it
up that way like as a conversation or do
you put more thought into like I want to
ask them these kind of questions and get
these kinds of things I mean there's
there's some set questions I usually
just ask people about about their goals
and I ask them about some advice to give
me but other than that it's usually just
some type of freeform conversation it's
just you know it's funny sometimes but
for the most part it's just like the
reason why I wanted to do it is because
I was a big fan of like Patton Oswalt's
website to spew and stuff like that when
he had that and I noticed like when I
was on Twitter there had been a shift
from people who were like you should be
very supportive of me especially when I
was fatter and stuff and then it came
this thing of like any time I would try
to post something positive he would be
like woah why the fuck do you you fuck
who cares you got money and you and you
just you know and I just wanna be like
no I'm not on a different side of the
fence because I did these things I'm
like over here being like anybody can
fucking do it if my dumb ass did it you
know so it just became more about to me
like talent and success it's more like
this ocean that we can all drink from
and it's about like how did this person
get to that ocean I don't think there's
people who are talented and untalented
finding out their path sort of to where
ya are now even and what keeps them
motivated now you know yeah like once
you people have some success what why
what keeps you going you know it was a
question I would like to know from Joe
you know well he just walked back in so
maybe we can find out what keeps you
motivated you're so successful you got a
lot money you're doing okay everything
you have see you like accomplished so
many things so what what makes you go to
the store on a only Tuesday night to
work on stand up I don't look when you
when you get successful at something the
best thing that it does is alleviate
stress but it doesn't change the
motivation the motivation is always to
create something that I like that I can
be proud of that the people enjoy most
importantly there's a bunch of people
that watch my standup
I got to work out it I don't want to be
an asshole I don't want to be that guy
that you come to see my show and you go
ha heard he prepare he didn't care he
didn't try you know thank you
I'm not gonna be that so I look we all
have bad sets all have bad sets I'll try
I try my best though I fucking try my
best and I'm gonna keep trying my best
because I think if I don't I leave I
leave doubt in my own head that
shouldn't be there if I do my best and
it just doesn't work I have to figure
out what was wrong mm-hmm but if I don't
do my best
it doesn't work you feel like shit yeah
that's true
but I think that um I still feel like
shit even if it doesn't work and I did
my best
[Laughter]
failure rather than a loser yeah but I
think when I was younger doing comedy my
20s and May it might have just been a
Portland thing there was always kind of
this vibe of like I didn't try my best
if I tried my best I would have crushed
it but I didn't try my best so I didn't
really fail yeah that's a trap that a
lot of comics get into when they are in
front of a small crowd no more that yeah
Damron goes deep and one of the those
moments when you're a young comic or
someone says something to you and it
really gives you a nice boost like you
feel great about it
and one time I was at the store and it
was maybe like 12 or 13 people in the
audience the most was like yeah no I'll
keep going it was Paul Mooney who's in
the back of the room and he's 12 or 13
people
I'm just doing my act and Mooney starts
laughing hard like a supportive laugh
like he's with you huh and then he came
up to me off the show something to do
something to extent of you're a real
comic like that's what makes you real
comic you do those real shows in front
of all those people you know you do a
real show yeah you don't you don't like
say oh there's only 10 people all the
way I think
you know I sit you out there and do your
best yeah that's the man there's always
just so much to learn that's weapon
learning to get out of like every set is
the same and like it is my material and
I've been on that for a little bit but
knowing how to shift my energy for like
that like you do want to be professional
for that those ten people but you're not
gonna do the same like yelling energy as
if they were a hundred people you're
gonna be a little more intimate you know
ya gonna make it more of a conversation
and that's what I'm really learning to
do now watching um I think for a lot of
comedians but did that Garry Shandling
documentary that still haven't seen it
so it really helped me what about me a
mindful about being in the moment so
I've been really like whenever I write a
setlist now I usually number it and has
like a couple words the first I was
right number one bullshit for as long as
possible
cuz I don't like I don't want to just
get into it I wanna you know unless it's
like I got 10 minutes and I have things
I want to do but for the most problem
like let me get in the moment let me
look people in the eyes and see if I see
something not necessarily going in and
just crowd work and rip on people but
let me um let me just go in and talk
about my day for a second and then maybe
that will segue into my set and so you
know teaches me a new way to get into
things I'm more conversational yeah
again you're very jazz got a lot of jazz
and you Ron that's cool that's a good
way to do it because the dog always does
feel abrupt when someone begins with a
joke sometimes it works though I think
some people can do it oh people that
would go on stage and they just hammer
with a first joke and from there it's
off to the races like they'll open up
with a non sequitur look out of nowhere
yeah Jeff Ross is really good at like
just changing the tempo in the room
right yes yes yes he's great at it on
the off the cuff you know in the spur of
the moment type shit cuz all those years
of roasting and all those years of
fucking with the crowd like and end that
show they're doing him in a towel or
traveling and doing that bumping mic
show where they just they just fuck
around man I mean it's crazy
did ya get for those people that's what
crazy about what that really opens your
mind about again what this job can be
but you could literally just travel with
your friend and fuck around and sell out
yeah it's amazing it's amazing
it's a crazy gig man it's crazy gig when
you start out in Chicago what club were
you at
I didn't start in Chicago I was a I was
a young man I left when I was 13
cousin mom my mom was in like she's in a
little- relationship so I went to go
live with my dad in Oregon and he was
also a negative thing so and then I
started comedy in Portland Oregon when I
was 23 a Harvey's comedy club there and
and then doing some shows in Salem at
this Chinese food restaurant called
Lucky fortune and and then I just
started some shows there and you know
struggle for a long time and then think
about five five years in I got asked to
do Conan and then it was new face and
then got divorced and then was like
alright I moved to Los Angeles and now
you just I have my son here and she's
been me and him and now my girlfriend
and my mom now lives with me in the last
year but yeah that's pretty much it that
sounds cool and you know is there a
scene in Portland we started when I
started it was pretty much like there
had been the Seattle has a scene yeah
there have been a bit of a like an OG
scene of like I'm not familiar with like
Dwight Slade and Jules and rice and then
not really much there's just a lot based
off of Road gigs triple runs going to
Idaho that's right everybody was talking
with those tribal runs yeah we had
something similar which is not as
exciting because you guys were going
through the Wild West I mean you come to
Montana Idaho no not me oh not me with
the people that did it the people who
did it I was didn't seem lucky at the
time but it would turn out in hindsight
to be very lucky that the one time
that Booker saw me I just a shit
hardcore and so they have nothing to do
with me and it turned out to be the best
thing because then I was in this
position where I was like okay well I'm
not gonna get Idaho's shows so I don't
have to pander to that type of audience
and yeah I'm just gonna be here and so I
can right now it's really just like oh
just write what you like and that turned
out to be the the best thing for me dude
you could perform in Boise they would
love you
oh I end up I have yeah it's for know I
love Boise it's like Portland and it's a
very unusual place it's almost like I
hate talking about it I don't want to
give out their spot no they got a good
little comedy scene building over there
yeah there's well I think because the
internet there's a comedy scene almost
in every city people find a way to get
together and do somethings just it seems
like too much of an exciting option for
people who are fuck-ups and there's so
many of us so many of us you know in one
way or another there's so many you know
one one form of fuck up or another
there's so many of us yeah that's true I
mean I don't know if that's necessarily
the true first that the way that is set
up for it is to go the structure that is
natural just doesn't work as much
anymore it made more sense in the past
you know I mean also its own and shown
to not be sound because that's the thing
that trips me out now it's like when I
was a kid who was drilled in my head
from my mom was get a good government
job get a good government job and now
that seems like the most unsteady job
you could have you know that just cut
your department yeah you never know yeah
and so one thing I learned the stand-up
taught me quickly was that it's the same
stress you know but now I'm in charge
the stress of paying my bills the stress
of taking care of my son is the same
whether I'm working for somebody else or
I'm working for myself but at least when
I'm working for myself I'm in charge
right you know and as long as I have a
product that I can put out if I'm if I
don't have anything then I guess I gotta
go work for somebody
if I had something I'd rather have that
stress be put on me then had someone
just show up one day and be like we're
out of business
fine find someplace else to work oh yeah
and you're 60 yeah yeah and they just
cut your whole department well didn't I
mean every fucking single politician
gets in the office they want to cut
certain departments right there's always
someone that thinks something's being
overfunded yeah yeah they're just
talking about cutting social security
and food stamps and it's like that seems
like the last thing we need right now
yeah if you can make things if it seems
like if you could make things this is
like one of the to be on your own
because you could sell things on the
internet you could sell things in a way
that no one could ever sell before like
you could set up like an online store
you don't have to have a physical
location and you can just you know if
you make something if you're an artist
if you're you make pottery or some shit
you could sell things that you create
online but it's pretty easy to do now
like this is a place where people can
actually like oh well if I just did this
if I figured out a way to do that I'm
working for myself mm-hmm I just do it
whatever I want to sell things people
like it they put it in their house and
then a lot of people can go in that
direction it's not I mean there's people
that just aren't creative and they're
not interested in it but there's a lot
of people who are and for those people
who are just have a little bit of
creativity that they maybe never really
nurtured because it would work too much
find a way find a way find a way to get
through with that yeah man plus you know
who you are because you if you if you're
content and how your job is going anyway
you're fine you know you're not even
thinking about that but if you're upset
and you're like oh I hate this job
I hate what's going on my life you know
that that usually that might be the case
and people love to say that's easy for
you to say it's easy for you to say you
guys are both already successful it's
very hard get started I get it I get it
it is already 100% I get it but don't
think like that just try to find a way
through the more time you spend thinking
on it that's easy for you
you know it's hard for me the more time
you do that the less time you're
thinking of an actual solution yeah you
see that I see that all
especially even like with my weight loss
and stuff anymore there are like oh you
could say that you got you got a trainer
and it's just like I still had I still
had to be the guy that vomited you know
I still had to be the guy that worked
myself so hard that I threw up and still
went back you know it's like on the
ground or did you make it to a trash the
trash can not at wrestling at wrestling
tag is on the ground Oh No yeah well
then they made me clean it up and I'm
like part of the kid
yeah it really was you can't be puking
mm-hmm yeah man if you're working out to
the point of puke and that's intense
well you know when my body was coming
from a places such an activity yeah how
long do you think it took you for you to
adjust to a constant state of activity
mmm probably six months that's a great
thing though that you have the
discipline to do that that's a great
thing really is it's um it's an
underappreciated thing because it's I
think it's easy for me to keep doing
what I'm doing I always do it it's part
of my natural way of doing it but to not
exercise and then decide you're gonna
clean your diet up and you're gonna
start exercising and you're gonna
continually do it even though you're
exhausted because your body's not really
prepared for this so you must have had a
long period of like for a couple weeks
at least
well you're like having your body try to
respond to this where it didn't have to
do this before and now you're making it
stress out all the time and it's got to
recover and then you stress it out and
it's kind of recover and then your
body's like what the fuck dude what is
happening here mm-hmm
this our new life yeah yeah no that was
pretty much yeah you get in you nailed
it I love to take to lose to get to
where I am now but to where you started
feeling comfortable with like normal
exercise on a regular basis or
extraneous exercise strenuous exercise
again I think it'd be about about about
six months of where I am and then also
just so their weight goals you know I
was about 360 when we started and then
getting under 350 was just like a real
difference and then when I got under 300
that was a big deal and then when I got
her 250 then now like now I'm about 220
and anytime
I go over 225 I can fill it and my knees
again and because I had to take a little
break for a few weeks and but now and
that was really big on my mind of
because I was like oh I have to take a
break for three weeks am I gonna just
blow up again you know and going through
that and seeing that I can keep my diet
and keep my nutrition and that I got a
little less defined but I wasn't I
didn't blow up and I was like okay that
made me relax a little bit more and it's
helped me as far as my comedy are
dealing with executives and stuff where
I am very much like oh I did that like I
can I can figure things out I can I have
the discipline if I really set my mind
to something I can usually do it yeah
that's a it's a giant accomplishment and
people undermine it because they feel
like it doesn't mean as much because you
let yourself get to that weight and I
think it's a silly way of looking at it
because I am a firm believer that many
of us who are feeling really good about
life and having a great time here are
very very lucky in their circumstance
very lucky in in in the people you're
around the positive influences in your
life the good things very lucky because
shit can be really not good when things
are really not good and people go down a
spiral whether it's with booze and
cigarettes and heroin or whether it's
with food or whether it's with alcohol
or whether it's whatever the pills you
can go down a spiral its who out of the
person that is in the bottom of the
spiral who can pull themselves out could
you if you had to start from there
instead of starting from a place of
success and this is why I think people
get cocky
you wake up every morning like oh I
guess everything's okay you know my
life's not in the share instead think of
what it would be like if you woke up and
you were 380 pounds and this is your new
life your new life is you got to get
down from 380 pounds to about 220 pounds
you got to figure out how to do that and
you've got to figure out how to not
lapse when
you're aching with hunger you got to
figure out how how your body has no
fucking energy it doesn't know how to
recover it never gets pushed and you
have to push it through that and you
have to do that to the tune of a hundred
and sixty pounds so fucking wait man
that's a lot of fucking way most people
are not gonna be able to do that it's a
lot of weight to lose how long that take
you about about two and a half years
that's a no matter what that's an
accomplishment man you know and it's
something that I think that when people
hear that you did that people realize
like I can do that too I can do that
that can be done yeah that's been one of
the best things about it and what
actually keeps me on it is when I get
people reaching out to me like when I
post pictures from the pastor and now
and they're like man like you know in
some ways it used to piss me off cuz if
people being like oh if you can do it
then I can definitely do it but now it's
like it's very motivating yeah it's your
set an example you know you you you do
something and then people because you're
in the public eye and you do this thing
they see you do it they watch it happen
you know I mean it's one of the cooler
things about it like you go in real time
you could see you two years ago you
could see you now I mean it's crazy
we did it you know and when people see
that they and it's not like I'm if
you've heard that a guy lost 400 pounds
who like wow that's amazing
but if you see a guy and you watch them
on a regular basis and he's 400 pounds
and then all sudden he loses all that
way you're like what look at him
watch him do it you see him do it
something about people needing to see
shit like we need to see someone else do
it and then we go I can do that mmm you
know yeah would you ever even imagine if
you didn't know that people ran
marathons or ultra marathons would you
ever even imagine that you would want to
just run a hundred miles no you'd be
like what the fuck are you talking about
no one's doing that but then you hear
about it and you see it and
oh I still don't want to do you still
don't want to do it but it changes your
idea of what people do yeah yeah what's
capable right so when a guy like you
loses all that way it changes people's
idea of what if they maybe identify with
you it changes their idea about what
they're capable of they change their
opinion of themselves based on you
pulling your life together in an awesome
way
publicly nice yes thank you - that's
dope that's that has a powerful impact
on people you know there's gotta be a
lot of dudes out there and gals that are
trying to figure the fuck out of the
hole they dug themselves in you know
they like how did I get out of this
mm-hmm like how do i Jesus Christ I hate
being tired all the time
no that's one of my that's one of the
things I love I talk about a lot of my
podcast is and I tried cuz people don't
know me you know and like I'm on Twitter
if I'm like if I try to give advice or
things or I'm not really advice to try
and be positive people go like you were
talking about like what do you know what
do you care you were on a TV show and I
have to go like you don't know my
history you don't know where I came from
you don't know that I'm like I'm a
single dad of a kid with a disability I
take care of him myself I was poor as
crap I had three weeks of a college
community college education and I had
one slightly like it was like oh I gotta
pull my life together for this son who
is different from other people and I
don't know if he's ever gonna be able to
live on his own or have his own job or I
had to prepare for not at the preparer
that he does if he needs help I had to
prepare for all these things and it
really motivated me and it pushed me
forward and I like - now for some reason
I I don't know if it's like survivor's
remorse or whatever I'm always like man
I feel like so many people can do that
you know not necessarily comedy or
whatever but I always feel like people
have their own gifts they have their own
talents and sometimes we're not told
that we're not pushed in those
directions or sometimes where we go
through traumas or things in our lives
that damn our light you know
and I like to be like you anybody can do
it because I'm a testament to that
because I should not be here well you
you should because you chose the right
path this is what's really critical
about this kind of what we you know we
talk about people's future or what they
can and can't do
one of the beautiful things about
stand-up is that it's a meritocracy oh
you're really funny people love you you
know like that's we just want to know
are you funny hey is that guy funny he's
funny come on in is she funny she's
funny
okay come on in with just that's it and
I don't know of that many other jobs
where it's that clear hmm there's a lot
of jobs in you gotta suck that corporate
dick you gotta be in the office with
Satan going what the fuck am I doing
with my life I don't want to be here you
know I'm writing down goals I just want
to do coke I want to get a Ferrari fuck
this job you know that's what a lot of
it is man is a lot of like weird angst
you know and then you get stuck in this
fucking corporate ladder or you get
muted you get toned down there's no
there's no deviation from the the
standard office worker path you know
you're in this weird groove where as a
stand-up all you got to do is make the
people laugh all you got to do is find
that shit that's funny work on it make
people laugh
get out there get out there boom boom
boom holy shit you gotta go see Ron
Funches
oh shit people start talking people
start telling other friends the next
thing you know there's agents there's
managers you keep going you keep going
you keep getting better oh my god you're
on TV look at you keep going keep going
keep going if you just keep going and
working at it like nobody tells us what
to do it's fucking beautiful but not
everybody can get that gig so then
there's other gigs like what gig do you
take well it seems like you should take
the gig where you make a lot of money
but that's not the move it's not the
move unless you can you can be sure that
you can quit that gig in a short period
of time because nobody ever does Yeah
right
Trapp jobs I always would put them and
they had a lot of them weren't where I
grew up with this is this bank call
center where I was working because it
was the only place this tiny town not
many jobs like unless you were if you
didn't have a college education you were
working at a subway you were gonna Sam
Goody or are you working at the
and you were making like 20 bucks an
hour you're making like double what
you're making at this subway but there's
no skills that transfer so if you want
to leave this job you got you going back
to Subway you know so a lot of people
end up trapped there and I knew right
away I was like I gotta get out I can't
I mean a I'm not a bank guy so you know
that's a trap trap man I remember when I
was a kid I was working at this place
called Newport Creamery it was an ice
cream store like they sold ice cream and
hamburgers and shit like that and there
was a bank that was like right next door
and I would always go in the bank with
my Newport Creamery check and deposit it
I'd say hi this lady and then one day I
heard she had the baby in the toilet and
then left it in a garbage bin and no one
even knew she was pregnant and it was
one of those like what like we had just
a window into madness like right next
door to where we were working really
what that lady that we always said hi to
the lady got pregnant didn't tell
anybody and gave birth in the bathroom
at work and put the baby in a dumpster
dude I wish you hadn't led with this was
a bank story what was a bank story and
it was just a person person working she
could she could have it in a cupcake
shop it was just this was a person this
is a person who was mad they were a
crazy person right you have to be you
would have to be a crazy person where no
one knows you're pregnant and then you
give birth in a bathroom and the baby
whines I've been a dumpster it's like
that is that's the most insane shit I've
ever heard in my life
yeah and that was like right next door
to the ice cream place and we were all
like whoa it's like the fabric the
fabric of reality had rippled we
realized what someone can be that crazy
in your town in your fucking town right
there a night at your town oh man he
said I got a nice town now was a nice
town what I mean it was a very idyllic
yeah it sounds pretty sheltered up until
yeah people put in babies and things
well just it was
it wasn't a big place you know and when
something would go wrong it would be odd
you know you knew the person you know I
know it shelter it is because you worked
at a place called Creamery Newport
Creamery yeah yes you did what even ice
cream shelter shelter does beautiful I
wanna do that I wanna make that have a
reality from my my sons no it was a nice
place to grow up um and I had lived in
Jamaica Plain before that which was much
much worse neighborhood it was sketchy
we lived there for about a year and then
we it was my parents like we gotta get
the fuck out of here like people
breaking into cars and while you're
sleeping and how home break-ins and it
was just a lot of crime especially in
like 1978 or whatever the fuck it was I
guess it was like Haiti yeah so then we
moved to Newton which is nice my parents
still right yeah yeah they're still
together my step my stepdad and my mom
are still together they've been together
since I was a little kid they're a nice
couple have a good time together yeah I
uh you know do you ever wonder what
you're gonna be like when you're like a
75 year old man yeah what do you think
then be cool as fuck I mean I don't give
a fuck mostly now imagine later right
even less just saying all types of stuff
I see it in my mom you know my mom so
especially it's fun because I can take
her to like random events that I go to
and she just I try to be cool you know
cuz I'm working and she has none of that
cuz she doesn't care
like my mom sexually harassed Justin
Timberlake once it was great she went
right security was about to take her out
learn it was so she just doesn't care
have you ever had our guest on your
podcast yeah yeah she was the second
guess her the first guest second episode
yes yeah my mom yeah I learned a lot
from my mom she's super dope and now
she's uh smoking a lot of pot and just
she lived out Oh as she lives with you
know yeah pool house yeah did you get
depressed in in Portland with the
weather
to freak out yeah you did seasonal
depression there easily yeah people say
it's real they say even if you take
vitamin D and sit in a tanning bed
yeah means I'll show you those lights
and all those things so she doesn't do
it though does it
no not when you're doing with three
months of straight gray it's the rain
not just great I think it whoa cuz this
is lack of color palette in your life
yes you don't get the vibrance yeah yeah
that when the ocean looks like a dull
gray yeah even the ocean looks tired
like right as opposed to like if you go
to Mexico like I went to Cancun way back
in the day and the first thing I noticed
like how the fuck is the ocean that
color like look how pretty it yeah it's
like a blueish green it's gorgeous
yeah have you ever been to the French
Riviera No oh my god one time when and
yeah same thing they have with pebble
beaches the sand which is horrible but
but the water is so beautiful is crazy
yeah I grew up in that town which was
next to the Charles River and that
Charles River went all the way through
Boston and the Charles River was like
disgusting man like you'd see condoms
floating in it and you'd see I saw one
pipe and these bubbles were coming up to
the surface I was like what the fuck is
that and then I saw a condom bubble up
and I went oh my god it's a sewer pipe
and I realized someone was just flushing
their shit and piss right into the
goddamn River oh how did this happen and
I was you know 14 and I'm like wow fuck
is this like how how am i finding this
like you don't have any money likes
checking to see if the shit pipe he's
writing a goddamn River like oh my god
it was crazy so wasn't clean by any
stretch of the imagination so to see
that kind of clean pure like ocean water
where like you were you ever heard of
bone fishing do you know what that is
it's a type of fishing that people do
it's I think they mostly just catch and
release oh I don't think they even keep
most of them but they go to Florida and
the
think the Bahamas wanna see the Bahamas
and they on these like special boats
that are like these boats you can stand
on and they're fly-fishing for this fish
that looks like it belongs in the Stone
Age this weird cool-looking fish called
the bone fish see if you get a picture
of it I don't know why we're talking
about this that's how I am yeah that's
cool is that a bone fish it looks more
like a barracuda
that's a bone fish see that's a bone
fish that other one was a barracuda I
think they just had a bad photo you see
the difference like it's it's a
crazy-looking fish man and see that
water behind them it's hard to tell from
this image but what we're looking at is
really shallow water like at the most
it's like three feet deep right and
they're just casting out and they see
these fish coming towards them and they
catch it it's supposed to be like super
super exciting you do a lot of fishing I
don't do a lot of fishing but I love
fishing it's fun but this is fun like I
would assume I've haven't done this kind
of fishing bone fishing but that's what
people people love like seeing a fish
coming and going and biting your lure
like it's very exciting yeah it's a
thick thing but look how clear that
goddamn water is nose no
there's no condoms just bone fish I was
watching a video today of a guy jumping
with scuba gear on into the garbage
patch it's a male in the Pacific Ocean
you know I knew I knew that it's
supposed to be like horrific but lets
you when you see it in a video you
watching just go what the fuck is this
this guy put scuba gear on it jumped
into this I mean it was plastic you
couldn't see anything but plastic
everywhere you look to the left and the
right was all plastic like this is huge
like look several States large yeah this
shit this is what humans are doing to
the ocean this is this is a would you
see him jump in and it's almost did they
show them jump in or is this a different
video this is different this is a
different video because the other one
the guy starts out on the boat and dives
in and the what he dives into is just
like plastic soup it's fucking
disgusting man it's crazy yeah like this
um so there's this guy that we had on
the podcast name is Boyan slot and he
created a device that he's using to try
to pull the plastic out of the ocean and
they'll maybe convert that plastic into
know things that we can use and they're
I don't think it worked on the first
attempt but they're they're relaunching
it right didn't he they had to do
something to fix things there you know
still in like sort of the prototype
stage but it's gonna have these machines
or this giant Nets that move around
through the ocean casually that yeah
just kinda stop it from getting fish
that's a very good question I don't
think there's any fish living in there
I bet a lot of fish have eaten that
stuff though guaranteed there's probably
a lot of fish with plastic in their
stomachs oh yeah man that's gross I mean
what what kind of shit gets in their
system and then when you eat that fish
what kind of shit are you getting in
your system like how many people were
testing their fish mm-hm
you know I mean how many people are
before they eat a Sam and they're like
hold on let me check for mercury let me
see how much arsenic's in this so you're
kind of heavy metal' party
what sets up BP B's that they're worried
about that come from what is the stuff
they're worried about their comes from
bottles yeah BPA's or some like
bathrooms right yeah wish I knew what
that meant
yes they did run their first results
from November I don't know he's saying
also this is their first their first
actual pulling of the garbage you know
listen man even if it takes 10 years if
if they could figure out a way to to get
rid of all that plastic and we could
figure out a way to not put that plastic
in the ocean we can maybe what I really
worried about almost as much as this
maybe even more is overfishing when you
realize how many different ships are out
there using giant Nets and just scooping
everything they catch inside that net
and then just serving it to us and we're
like who you want to get sushi yeah
sushi sounds good you know we're like so
close sushi sounds good it's ocean
genocide
I mean it's fucking chaotic man did they
don't have real I mean they don't have
real control
it's international waters people just
cutting nets and dropping them to the
bottom of the ocean and they catching
things all the time there's nets all
over the place out there he would just
release their nets if they just litter
but you're always you've been very
conscious about like what you eat and
like sustainability a lot lately right
well I think sustainability yeah I do
think about that a lot but I don't know
if I'm that conscious of it I'm
definitely guilty of not being sometimes
hungry me unconscious about it I wish I
was more cautious about cuz I'm why
don't we put my faith it makes me all
sad yeah I'm more conscious about what I
eat than I am
sustainability in terms of like what the
quality of what I eat I'm more conscious
about that I should be more conscious
about sustainability but sometimes it
feels like um what is this what are you
showing me here it's out of crocodile
god damn it now what is this a big big
catch with the next elimination Marcus
the name of the fish got 40 million
views on YouTube it's a net that's full
of stuff oh they caught a net oh this is
Oh a net like this is a fishing boat oh
Jesus yeah look at that look how it
works
they just scoop up every fucking thing
that's in that ocean it's really amazing
that they've I mean what a horrific
place to be if you're a fish imagine if
fish were like super smart and this is
their demise I mean this is an insane
net filled with living creatures that
we're gonna eat not bro it's just
tilapia relax god you're kidding so
dramatic
look at that that's a crazy bundle of
these ocean creatures and how often does
this happen a day is it all day I bet it
is I bet this is all day I bet this is
all day for years and years and years
and years and I don't think they take
time off I think they keep going and if
they're not there someone else is there
to I think this has happening as long as
they can make money selling fish and
we're willing to buy fish it's kind of
insane you think people ever feel bad
about it make sure those people feel bad
maybe it's possible they're not monsters
right there they might develop well that
guy just stepped right on a fish though
yeah they get desensitize I'm sure man
he doesn't seem like he cared at all
well this is crazy
I mean this is not a person supposed to
be able to catch a fish or a to fish or
three fish and then you eat it like this
is chaos man this is some crazy thing
where you have to make fillet of fish
sandwiches because there's you know 320
million people and a hundred of them 100
million of them want junk food any time
they want it I mean I don't know if that
went to fillet a fish or if that's
expensive fish I really have no idea I'm
just talking shit don't listen to me but
hey and I also eat fish so I'm a
hypocrite yeah but it is kind of crazy
when you watch this video and I'm not a
you know I I'm not opposed to you eating
fish but I'm just saying the reality of
what this is is it's crazy
this is a crazy scene and to not deny
it's a crazy scene I'm still gonna eat
fish you know I feel I feel awful about
this
it does slightly make me want sushi
looking at this it's not when I was a
server like a big question question
people would always ask us at
farm-raised there is a wild-caught and
like if this is wild-caught versus
farm-raised I don't know why I would
make a giant difference it seems like
that either way
yeah tell no matter what for these
organisms but they're delicious and
they're really good for you okay but how
how are they gonna ensure that there's
gonna be some left that's what's crazy
like the the human government's need to
get together and go hey we can't kill
the whole ocean because that is possible
if you keep going at the pace that it's
going now if you really stop and think
about what the ocean must have been like
when you hear about those Japanese tuna
fishermen like did you see jiro Dreams
of Sushi
remember when those gentlemen were at
the fish market and they were talking
about what it used to be like it used to
be tuna everywhere so much tuna and now
it's like a small amount and you gotta
check to see if it's good like they're
watching it happening in real time if
you go from that point where that guy
was talking about today and then go
fifty years from now at the same pace
like ya know you gotta be but it seems
like that it wouldn't be that hard to be
more conscious about it well at the very
least they have to take into
consideration the fact that they need to
maybe develop some sort of an
international
a program to breed these things yeah you
know to like they've done that with
yellowtail the they have these like
ocean sort of almost like a like
corralled in area and they're out in the
ocean but they're only in this one
trapped area and they're feeding them
you know and occasionally they get out
like to get those yellow tails in Hawaii
there was a storm the storm wrecked
their little enclosure and they got out
now they're everywhere so all these
hamachi grade like sushi-grade
yellowtail are swimming around all over
the place outside of Hawaii and they're
breeding and they're getting bigger guys
it's crazy it's interesting but but I
was thinking when they were telling me
that well so if that's what they did
like maybe they should do that and just
keep releasing them maybe we should be a
program that all the people who buy
sushi fund into that just takes a little
piece of the sushi money and uses it to
develop these programs to make sure that
these fucking fish keep breeding so you
can have more sushi I think people will
pay extra for that
didn't they then they would feel good
yeah I feel better me you hoping out
yeah that's what I think we can leave
this next next next next generation they
have a real good possibility of like
making things work out better I really
think that like it's totally possible I
think it's possible that the world is
gonna keep getting better and better and
there's gonna be terrible things but
it's gonna keep getting better and
better and then we'll be able to come to
some kind of time in our future worth
seems like things have improved I agree
with you I think we're headed towards
the age of a new golden era new
enlightenment because and I think a lot
of times these things that we think are
negative are kind of indicators of that
because these are things a lot of these
negative things we talked about we're
happening either way but now we're more
aware of them and people fight them and
people are more upset about them and
they're more public because the things
are social like social media and I think
that's a positive not a negative that
people aren't able to pull the wool over
your eyes as easily yeah I think what's
really interesting about this time is
that you got so many people that are
able to communicate whether it's
yourself or
Diaz or Ari Shaffir or Marc Maron or
whoever these people are that have these
podcasts so many people have this
ability to communicate so many people
have this ability to you know you show
the life you let you show your world in
like a different way and everybody gets
to compare all these different ways that
people are communicating and we kind of
like come to maybe a better
understanding of why we think the way we
think in which I think especially one of
the reasons why I'm so hell-bent on
having people be reasonable and try to
talk to each other so I think that
everybody could learn something from
each other in this world whether you're
left or right or in the center or
religious or atheist or whatever there's
two minutes too much conflict that's
unnecessary there's too much of what
people are aren't that has nothing to do
with you and you should be able to talk
about politics or even religion and be
completely calm about it and not be
angry and not get emotional and
childlike but we're programmed to think
you're supposed to we're programmed to
think that every fucking conversation
about something you disagree with it's
supposed to be this angry battle of a
one-upsmanship and I don't think it has
to be I think it does no I mean there's
certain issues that like where you're
like oh I don't want to argue over my
like civil rights or things like that
you know you're like yeah I don't want
it like okay well you you you don't
think I'm a full person okay let's have
a point-counterpoint there's issues like
that but I think now so many things get
wrapped up in politics that people do
forget to be civilized and do forget
that we've always disagreed and we've
always had different sides and that's
what's made us a country you know is the
fact that we were opposed to take the
like you said the mix of those
conversations and that's the way that we
kind of head in you know that's the way
we find out who we really are as opposed
to who our side is painting the other
side ass you know and I feel like what I
meant by people like being able to get
along as you can have opposing thoughts
and still be a nice person I want it if
you're like a really super can see
Servat of person like sometimes I want
to know why like I don't want to oppose
you as much as I want to know why I want
to know what you're thinking like what
what is what's pushing you in this
direction what what makes you think this
as opposed to if you were a really
progressive person what makes you think
this like what's going on like that that
conversation can be had in a way more
peaceful way or maybe we could all
examine why we think about things a
certain way and I've been thinking about
a lot when it comes to religions lately
this we're so fucking tense about
religions so fucking tense lately and if
it's not for like kids getting abused or
Wars getting started over it the vast
majority of it is just a guideline for
people to live their life and if you
take that away from them or tell them
that that's bad for them I tell them
they can't live that way then then
you've created this conflict that's
really not your business
mm-hmm right in a lot of ways I didn't
think like that before I used to think
before that like that's not what I
believe so you know these people there
must be something wrong with the way
they're thinking hmm well that's a lot
of times that's what certain organized
religions paint it as right like yeah if
you aren't believed if you don't believe
you're not even you can have same branch
of like Christianity or whatever but
it's like oh if you're not Protestant at
this then you're not following it
completely ER and to me it was always so
many of these rules end up just being
like hey be a nice person yeah don't
don't be a jerk don't murder people that
you know they're those are kind of
constants with all those things where
you're like that's something I can take
from you but to judge someone else's
life based off of their sexual
orientation or something of anything
that that to me never drives you are so
I'm always like I'm open to whatever you
want whatever makes you not be a fucking
jerk mmm I'm for yeah no I'm I'm with
you 100% I remember the first time I
found out there was other religions like
I don't know I was raised a Catholic
when I was a little kid and I found out
there was other things other than being
a Catholic I was like what are you
talking about it's like there's other
things because my uncle was convert
to Judaism and so I was like what does
that mean he's gonna become Jewish like
what does that mean like what are you
talking about I was like you know five
or something like that I was like wait a
minute wait a minute wait a minute wait
you could check there's different ones
like what do they think who's right I
remember being like six years old going
shit there's more than one story do you
have to follow and we're not sure that's
right and my uncle is gonna switch over
the other story now he believes a
different story I can't believe this
he's got an adjusted story and you know
you fall into this pattern now you're in
this just this story's pattern like well
you know we lost him to the Marvel
Universe DC Comics for so long he was
all about Batman and Superman and now
he's like fuck them
I'm with the Avengers crazy that's the
fun way to look at it it's an
interesting way of looking at it without
being disrespectful to either side it's
like wow okay you know I don't know
who's right we know who makes better
movies yes yeah the choose do an
excellent job
it's amazing how much they've been
involved in show business you know when
I'm watching that marvelous mrs. Mazal
it makes you realize like oh yeah Lenny
Bruce is Jewish this guy was Jewish that
guy was Jewish there's so many Jewish
guys in the early days of stand-up ya
know mafia you know the same time
there's a lot of Jewish boxers back then
too so the thing that people probably
don't know it was they were a underclass
in a lot of ways or you know and like
that's like now it's Russians like you
get a lot of Russian boxers now badass
motherfuckin Russian stood hard men hard
men because they're they're coming over
here from a hard place and they're
fucking people up you know and it's like
one day it'll be someone else it's it's
interesting how it goes in these waves
you know yeah but whatever country is
not doing well yeah and um it's
interesting when you see the waves of
stand-ups come out of these countries to
you know like like there's different
styles of stand-up now in different
parts of the world you know ik stand-up
is really a global thing now
legitimately go English guys have their
own style yeah you know there's a lot of
those guys like I've never been to
Edinburgh but Ari Shaffir goes all the
time he's like do they have like oh
they'll do these hours on just a subject
yeah
thought all these themes yeah exactly
different vibe different style lot let's
um rowdy well it's um
boisterous people listening they're
great at listening we did Sweden and we
played Stockholm me and 20-inch cliff
and Tony was like dude it's just like
they didn't like me I gonna know they're
just polite I go in between the jokes
they're just quiet they're listening
you're not used to that he's like okay
okay okay and he went out the second
bite he's like you're right you're right
they're just so nice yeah I thought
something was wrong but if I'll put in
for your timing because it makes you
have to have more material because
you're used to like waiting for a few
sec
what's also you know that's it's it's
not I don't think it's a that common art
form over there I don't think they have
a long history of having stand-up in
Sweden do that not that I'm aware I mean
maybe they do and we don't know but for
whatever it is it's a it's diminutive in
comparison to any of the places that we
you know that have scenes whether it's
New York scene you know la has seen San
Francisco there's like some big scenes
here where you know funny guys and girls
who've come out of these scenes
you don't hear like a lot of guys from
Sweden do you know yeah but they're
starting to get more of them
there's get more of them everybody all
around the world started getting more
comedy it's really it's an interesting
time in that way it's very similar to
jiu-jitsu you know jiu-jitsu at one
point in time there's only a few places
you get it outside of Brazil it was hard
to find someone who's really good at
teaching it now it's everywhere now it's
in New Zealand and Australia it's in
Africa it's everywhere
there's jiu-jitsu Oh Canada and fucking
the puerto rico's jiu jitsu everywhere
all over the world cuba everyone has
jiu-jitsu you know it's just spread I
found out it was awesome that could be
the same with standing then it forms
back into the practice right everybody's
doing new styles 100% and everyone is
like there's a real accelerated learning
growth from the time where it starts
getting put on the internet which is
like around like 95 96 on the internet
kind of becomes alive from that point on
people comparing jujitsu techniques and
watching matches
and then you know new gyms opening up
all around America in particular it's
like the whole level the sport went
through the roof it's crazy like that
yeah I think yeah I think that's very
similar comedy because I think a lot of
my personal growth was I was able to do
because I was able to watch so much
comedy and also I was able to get on the
internet and read about a lot of comedy
and in Twitter and YouTube or Twitter
was just starting and YouTube was going
like watch a lot watching the videos
with you would you and then see those
things you know and a lot of that stuff
informed my comedy at an early early age
about like making a style or just how I
wanted to write for myself because when
you're especially when you're first
starting a lot of what will work when
you're first starting will set you up
for failure later as far as like
pandering to people or writing for these
rowdy rooms or bar rooms you know and
and those things don't work when you go
to travel and so if I didn't have like
the internet or the all these things to
watch to go like oh don't worry about
this time don't worry about this local
scene as much because you don't want to
be a local act you know and that was
that was very helpful for me and that's
it ya know for me too man I know exactly
what you're saying yeah listen man let's
wrap this bitch up thank you guys doing
this tell people where can they see your
special oh and get it it's called giggle
fit it's available on iTunes Comedy
Central on-demand Amazon your Xbox your
Playstation anywhere really beautiful
let's find it and your Twitter handle is
that Ron Funches and I have my podcast
case together Instagram is Graham Ron
Funches and gentlemen Ron Funches thank
you sir appreciate you man oh it was fun
appreciate you Jeff
[Applause]
[Music]